docs/_streams/livedummy.md, before:

---
title: Dummy parochie met veel te lange titel die beter en goe stukske zou worden ingekort, vindt ge da nu ook ni?
timetable:
  - time: 10:00
    days: [sun]
    kind: sundayMass
  - time: 01:00
    days: [mon,sat]
    kind: weekMass
  - time: 23:00
    days: [sat]
    kind: sundayMass
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DeKathedraal/
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoBsBL5PSYnOKZVwu2r0Drg
twitter: http://twitter.com/duvrai
homepage: https://www.brave.com
youtubeChannelID: UCg0L6cPMNLv1gjsyzYqMG7g
fbid_: 10154142832119335
live: true
---
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Commit message:

enable markdown in stream description

docs/_streams/livedummy.md, after:

---
# The first part of this document is between three dashes (---).
# It is written in the YAML language

title: Dummy parochie met veel te lange titel die beter en goe stukske zou worden ingekort, vindt ge da nu ook ni?
timetable:
  - time: 10:00
    days: [sun]
    kind: sundayMass
  - time: 01:00
    days: [mon,sat]
    kind: weekMass
  - time: 23:00
    days: [sat]
    kind: sundayMass

# Social links
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/DeKathedraal/
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoBsBL5PSYnOKZVwu2r0Drg
twitter: http://twitter.com/duvrai
homepage: https://www.brave.com

# Don't use these: #######################
youtubeChannelID: UCg0L6cPMNLv1gjsyzYqMG7g
fbid_: 10154142832119335
live: true
##########################################

# Here ends the YAML part (note the three dashes).
---
#### The description part
written in Markdown.

This text is interpreted as "markdown".
You can learn how this works on the [kramdown homepage].

[kramdown homepage]: http://kramdown.gettalong.org

You could also use an online editor that immediately renders your markdown
like [dillinger] or [stackedit].

[dillinger]: https://dillinger.io
[stackedit]: https://stackedit.io
